# AndroidDriller

## About

AndroidDriller is a tool for mining android repositories that extends the RepoDriller tool (https://github.com/mauricioaniche/repodriller).


## Running the tool

To run it just execute the androidDriller.jar file.

The repositories URLs expected to be analyzed should be listed in separated lines inside androidDriller/input/repoURLs.in file.

The outputs will be in separate folders inside androidDriller/output folder. The folders names will match the repositories names.

To track the progress of the tool, a file will be created at the same directory of the androidDriller.jar execution with the  name 'n_t', where n is the order of the repository being analyzed and t is the total quantity of repositories listed in the androidDriller/input/repoURLs.in file.

## Generated files

The files generated by the tool inside each one of the repositories folders (as described above), will contain information about the components history in the repo. There will be 6 files per folder, one for each of the main declared components in the androidManifest.xml.

For example, after running the tool for the repository https://github.com/betosousa/fooAndroidManifest, it will create the folder androidDriller/output/fooAndroidManifest and inside it there will be the files: 

* activityDriller.csv
* broadcastReceiverDriller.csv
* contentProviderDriller.csv
* permissionDriller.csv
* serviceDriller.csv
* usesPermissionDriller.csv

Each one of these files will have a row in it for every commit that had modified the repository's androidManifest. These rows will be in the following structure:

	added, removed, modified, total, commit date, commit hash, commit author's name

The first 3 columns are the amount of added, removed and modified components (matching the file name) in the commit with given hash. The total value represents the quantity of declared components in the manifest at the time of that commit.
     


## Dependencies

* Java 8
 
